that the demands of 4.9 to today we
ends up for the fourth episode
is surely one of the last
about the city of sands like you
see behind me it's the last
days of the city before its closure
which will be Saturday
normally by eleva who so we go
iron in hop view
inside and in this video so
just I'm doing a little review of my
adventure a few days from the end so
it's Wednesday and I'm going to make a
small balance sheet
so for me of my adventure since I
do not think it finally tells me that it
changes a lot compared to the end
of the week
I think finally gesture I hope you m
it's called the end of the city ​​of
sands the last minutes or even the
last hours if I can live if
I have time to get them back
software etc
so I'm going to start so I'm going
to separate without negative point into positive what
that's going to bring and etc
we will start with the positives
1 doel adventure first of all this
adventure allowed me to meet
people for example like cyrano so me
what I liked about this adventure
is that the big youtuber and the
little youtuber meet each other
mix dirty how could I
to say that hate each other in quotation marks and
that's what really pleased me is that
I know most of you
watch this video are there thanks to his
fans in relation to his live he
had done and
I know you're here most
thanks to him so I thank you very much and
that's why I found that
although we can mix and so
not right that I take the maneuvers
frigated outside I think the
positive points with ie that's it
it was a great adventure finally it's
still still and it will continue
during lastly two three days this
adventure we broke out well
this app and delusions so here I
think I could say that on
the positives
no I was talking about the negatives he
there is not much
finally if there is a guru actually who
appears to me yeah I mean I want
say in quotes warm tea but I
think it's not the month that
would curb employees that's it i'm been
a bit surprised at the maturity of
some youtuber and some
people who finally you she's going that
happened was based on trust
for to recruit people for the city
that's right he said on twitter who
would like and his dreams he had to also
receive messages on skype but
it's true that it's a bit based on the
trust and what shocked me a bit
it's the maturity of some people
I do not have to say that I have a mature
exceptional either but I think
still be a more mature minimum
that some people I quote you
Examples without citing
people for example
in my opinion you doubt it we have a
protection around the city they have
bounded by the feet that in my opinion
you know it and
the game turns
hop so I said that so like you
know there are pillars around the
quoted and in fact there are some
people actually making potions
and who balances them directly
inside the city ​​and therefore salty in
big yesterday I got killed twice
because of potions that have been thrown at
the interest of the city so we can even
could stay safe
finally inside this city
who is supposed to be protected without pvp
normal and otherwise it's just
to go they wedding turf all
simply we are without protection without
nothing and when you see that there is a
full diam's who comes to expect us
at the exit of the limits of the city
it's not for me it's not
especially when we're getting trimballe
duster would just have to go a little bit
to wander and that we are between
quotes that chain because they
finally do like me who would just like
visit
this is a little bit finally not hesitated
but going to explore a toaster must not
to be killed and yesterday that's what I
see these are just two examples
that I quote them here just for
the small points the positives and
negatives of the palace adventure always
not open of course so after I you
talked about the risks that it brings me is
so just is it okay
bring down you thanks to his fans at
so who made a huge publicity blow
during a live and then yona he has when
even a little who subscribed is going a
majority who subscribed to the chain
for the content precisely that made me
very pleasure
could that have brought me the
may see me soon on my channel
I will not say more
maybe there are seven months kim and
guess it in the comments but I
say no more is that some
thing may be that they risk
to arrive
otherwise , what will it bring
my low it was two awesome weeks in
company of two full of people
that I know and that is that I
did not know beautiful encounters
also of course not to say that have
makes that bad encounters in
this game anyway it was an adventure
huge hoping for a season 2 since
saw how these parties saw how you
have you watched you followed
you even discovered us through
the city of sands it brings a plus
that I think that no minecraft series
will have relative
to the extent that she could have a
some youtuber who did it
know
the vaccine to young people I remember
you put that if that's what I
could say other I think it's
just stay just a little message for
you to have the end for you for
talk a little bit to take stock of
the adventurous just a few days from the end
yeah you're adventuring nice that I
will probably do it again if I'm invited
if there is a season 2 a day anyway
I hope it otherwise I think that Friday
you will have the basic fashion preview so the
any last bass that we have so
just after the loss so from the base
watermelons that was done so the
drop exceeds and that was destroyed by
ipe yesterday anyway she was only serving
more for nothing since the pnj watermelons
was removed so that's when we have
even proved our pleasure but
here we hope to finish on a
good note at the end so saturday
and so
if not tomorrow then you will be entitled to a
episode of the complete borderlands 2
so the second episode always
accompanied by natek I invite you so
to see his channel on Friday, Saturday
you will normally have the right
episodes of the city the sands so
Friday
it will be
the discovery of our base and Saturday
so it will be hungry are a little
episode however a little excerpt that
I'll have time to film and then
next week to remorse in
the series so the replay stresses and
then normally that's all for that so
normally I tell you tomorrow I
you say like commented share and then
we'll meet again tomorrow
for the rest of the integral and that's
for that I tell you tomorrow
Hello everyone